#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.1.0
    # via tensorboard
albumentations==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.30
    # via pycocotools
easyprocess==1.1
    # via pyunpack
entrypoint2==1.1
    # via pyunpack
fonttools==4.33.3
    # via matplotlib
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
google-auth==2.8.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
grpcio==1.46.3
    # via tensorboard
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imageio==2.19.3
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
imgaug==0.4.0
    # via albumentations
importlib-metadata==4.11.4
    # via markdown
kiwisolver==1.4.3
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.3.7
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   pycocotools
networkx==2.8.4
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tifffile
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.6.0.66
    # via imgaug
opencv-python-headless==4.6.0.66
    # via albumentations
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
patool==1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
protobuf
    # via tensorboard
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycocotools==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via matplotlib
pytorch-lightning
    # via -r requirements.in
pyunpack==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pywavelets==1.3.0
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   pytorch-lightning
requests==2.28.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.19.3
    # via imgaug
scipy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
shapely==1.8.2
    # via imgaug
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   imgaug
    #   python-dateutil
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tifffile==2022.5.4
    # via scikit-image
torch==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via tensorboard
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-metadata
